feat!: split out definitions (#128)
asyncapi/spec-json-schemas: migrations/Migrate to version 3.md

# Migrating to version 3

> In version 3, only breaking change, is that the provided bundled schemas located under [schemas](../schemas) now use completely different `$id`s and definition namings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In version 3, the only breaking change is that the provided bundled schemas located under [schemas](../schemas) now use completely different `$id`s and definition namings.
```

> > If you do not manually access schemas under `definitions` you can upgrade the version without any problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you don't manually access schemas under `definitions`, you can upgrade the version without any problems.
```

> Previously each definition would have it defined such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously each definition would have it defined as:
```

```json
{
  ...
  "definitions": {
    "Reference": { ... },
    "ReferenceObject": { ... },
    "info": { ... },
    ...
  }
}
```

> With the new naming approach those definitions would be called:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new naming approach, those definitions would be called:
```
